updated AV scanning (#7936)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/policies/filtering/http-policies/antivirus-scanning.md

To prevent this, Cloudflare Gateway allows admins to enable **Anti-Virus (AV) scanning** of files that are uploaded or downloaded by users as the file passes through Gateway.

> AV scanning of files requires organizations to enable Proxy mode under **Settings** > **Network** > **Layer 7 Firewall** > **AV inspection**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AV scanning of files requires organizations to go to *Settings** > **Network** > **Firewall** and enable **AV inspection**.
```

Reviewer: @stefanogramm Do users also have to enable the **Proxy** under **Settings** > **Network** > **Firewall**?
